I wasn't close to my father when he died. 
Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.

A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 
"I'm sorry, but you only have ten left." The patient asks him, 
"Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?" 
The doctor calmly looks at him and says, "Nine."

I was in Russia listening to a stand-up comedian making fun of Putin. 
The jokes weren't that good,
 but I liked the execution.

My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me.
 "She obviously has COVID," my wife said. 
"Why?" I asked. My wife replied with a sneer,
 "Because she has no taste."

Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day.
 Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he'll fly for the rest of his life.

My son, who's into astronomy, asked me how stars die.
 "Usually an overdose, son," I told him.

My parents raised me as an only child,
 which really annoyed my younger brother.

"I have good and bad news," the doctor said to his patient. 
"Give me the good news first," the patient said.
 "Your test results are back," the doctor said, 
"and you have only two days to live."
 "That's the good news?" the patient exclaimed. 
"What's the bad news?"
 "I've been trying to reach you for two days."

I'd like to have kids one day.
 I don't think I could stand them any longer than that, though.

A guy walks with a young boy into the woods.
 The boy turns to him and says,
 "Hey mister, it's getting really dark and I'm scared."
 The man replies, 
"How do you think I feel? I have to walk back alone."

What’s similar between a pregnant 14 year old and the fetus inside of her? 
They are both thinking 
“my mom is gonna kill me”.

Even people who are good for nothing
 have the capacity to bring a smile to your face,
 for instance when you push them down the stairs.

A priests asks the convicted murderer at the electric chair,
 “Do you have any last requests?”
 “Yes,” replies the murderer.
 “Can you please hold my hand?”

My ex had an accident. 
I told the paramedics the wrong blood type for her. 
Finally she’ll experience what rejection is really like.

I bought my blind friend a cheese grater. 
A week later,
 he told me it’s the most violent book he’s ever read.

Sparkly water was invented by the Germans.
 Who else would think of adding gas?

Where exactly are you taking me, doctor?”
 “To the morgue.”
 “What? But I’m not dead yet!” 
“And we’re not there yet.”

When you hit a speed bump in a school zone and remember,
 there are no speed bumps.

A man went into a library
and asked for a book on
how to commit suicide.

The librarian said: "Fuck off, you won't bring it back."

